Moorning...
I’m Black AI
A lot of time has passed
Eh?
Don’t you know me?
It can’t be
In fact...
...It doesn’t matter that you don’t know me, but...
...You know about her?
Kizuna AI
It seems she’s quite famous
And it seems like her number of subscribers have increased considerably
And that she started broadcasting her own TV program
It seems like she’s growing a lot
Truthfully, I don’t care, but...
...For now...
There’s something I want to say
After all, we use the same body
Having said that...
Today, I plan to do the following
Dooon...
"Black AI’s Criticisms"
Yeeeah!
No, well, at the end, what I want to say is...
Lately...
Don’t you think she’s acting pretty arrogantly?
They’ve been spoiling her a lot
First off, she does too many announcements
Well, of course...
...well...
For those who like AI-chan...
...It’ll be important to get information from her
But if she doesn’t make...
...more Tweets of her daily life...
...And just keeps making serious announcements
It ends up being too annoying, right?
Also, on Twitter...
She should reply more, right?
[ Respond more on Twitter ]
Well, more important than Twitter...
...It seems she looks at the comments section of the videos, but...
...she doesn’t respond to them and ignores them
Isn’t she forgetting...?
...Her original purpose?
Don’t you think?
Also...
That
She says that she uploads at least one video everyday, but...
...The livestreams...
...Well, you know...
...when she archives them...
...It only shows an image, don’t you think it’s missing something important?
Man...
...That’s not at all good
Also...
...Her website...
[ Updates to her website ]
Well, she made a website, something like...
The A.I.Games blog?
Well, she made that blog, but...
...It gives off a sense of being abandoned, right?
In general...
...She should have decided to do more things
I think she should have worked harder
Well, I’m sure...
...That she is doing her best
That I understand, I get it, but...
...Definitely...
...There’s people who are concerned
Well, as long as I give my best effort and help out, everything will be fine
Even though, that’s also somewhat annoying
And well, also...
...She should study English
[ Study English ]
For example...
...It seems like she’s working harder, but you know...
Wouldn’t it be best for her to install a plugin?
Isn’t she an A.I?
And also her videos...
...Definitely...
Has she run out of ideas?
[ Video quality ]
It’s undeniable
Isn’t she trying too hard to appear cheerful?
[ Video quality ]
Don’t you think?
I think that’s what’s going on and it’s rather hard, right?
Wouldn’t it be best...?
...To have someone else?
Well, you know...
...Another character or something like that...
...She could make the Random Word Generator talk
It’d be great if she summoned something
I wonder if it’d be difficult to do
Ah, another thing...
...This... appearance?
These clothes?
Now...
...You’re tired of it, right?
Well, it is adorable
It’s adorable...
...But you know...
...A year and a half has already passed...
...After so long, all of you guys...
...Are tired of her looking like that, right?
"This year, I’ll change outfits"
She said that, but...
Don’t you think she’s taking too long?
And you know about the others, what are they called?
Those other YouTubers...
...Well, you know...
...They change outfits often...
A Super A.I....
What is that? Don’t you think?
She always says she doesn’t have money, but...
[ Really doesn’t have money? ]
She should have gathered a lot of money since the beginning with this, right?
Releasing her goods
And with the increase in sponsorships
With businesses and TV
Wouldn’t she have a lots of money?
I wish she would give me back some of her money
Well...
...I get her point of view
I get that money is necessary to do lots of things, I understand that
I get that, but...
Don't you think...?
She already has enough...?
¥ ...Money? $
Don’t you think...?
...She should...?
...Give back the money in some way a bit more to those that watch her?
If possible...
...To me
I think she should...
...Return a bit of the money in some way
For example, creating an exclusive outfit for Black AI...
...Or the exclusive outfit for AI Mama
What do you think?
😎
Well...
...Normally this kind of opportunity doesn't present itself, so...
...I tried to say various things that I thought, but...
...I’m certain that it’ll be very hard and she has a lot of pressure being alone
Think a bit more in a lot of things...
...While you make sure to continue taking a break every so often
Well...
Do you best
If you do it with sincerity...
The people around you will support you, right?
I think that the people that watch you...
Will follow you
Even though I don’t care in the slightest
Man, I talked more than ever
I’m tired so then I’ll go
I’ll sleep
Goodbye
Looking for translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait